hello guys today I'm reviewing an RGB
RGB LED strip light which I bought from
amazon.com actually along with a couple
of these controllers which are RGB
controlled us again and I've been upon
it with all the strip life the 5 meter
of strip the LED strip and along with
one controller it cost me about 17
pounds from Amazon but that was from UK
itself so what are they actually about
these controller individual ones which
cost me about one pound fifty seventy
pounds came from came from Hong Kong
it took about 20 days plus I think but
well this is fairly cheaper if I don't
need it urgently anyways so so I'm just
reviewing it I'm just open this one one
of them I put it in my kitchen which is
working perfectly fine and this one I
just put it and this is what I'm gonna
put in a bedroom so so I just want to
review it before I can put her in and I
will make a video once it's solving it
came along with one controller and five
meter of RGB LED strip but this is only
2 min so left on it because of 3 meter I
already put installed it in the kitchen
one remote control it's pretty pretty
decent remote control which is got
everything in it now I'm gonna I'm gonna
should you must write it a bit more in
detail and some this instruction manual
which came up with with my LED strip and
a controller use the manual sort of
thing as you can see from the hospital
zooming problem as you can see it's got
a pretty good controls as if I compare
with other ones quality is pretty good
it's fairly decent quality you know if
you look at it's not it doesn't look
like it is nasty cheap stuff very good
this came along with the package as well
you know just take okay so let's say I
hooked it up with the 12-volt power
supply you can buy them you can buy the
same strip light
if I hold we can fireballed 5volts world
and also 24-volt for world so the one
which I bought is a 12-volt one it's a
pretty standard adopted so I just took
one adapter from my old Netgear old old
sort of scrapped all Sala scrapped let
get rotor I took it from that one so
it's working fine for me so I'm just
it's already been hooked up so I'm gonna
just go hit the power button and show
you the house hit the power button look
at that look at this rightness now let
me show you dump so help me to make a
video that maybe yeah now as you can see
you can select what color you want from
this here from this list from this list
white color red color green brown
whatever color you wanted these are
these two buttons you see on the top
they are to reduce the instant intensity
of the lightless let's put it in I'm
gonna reduce the intensity of it
you can you can see that just keep
coming down that's the minimum you could
do so that's the minimum light you can
do it what from from camera from mobile
camera Italy seems to be pretty pretty
bright but this really speaking it's not
that bright not that bright so so these
are the ISM now let's just shut it down
before we can do anything so as you can
see there's gotta these all button for
that and it's also got a got a quick
mode and slow mode and if you press them
button on it
if I press this button it's got some
features running inside in it it's got
its own features running on it so if I
say Auto as you can see it's fine
it changes the colors and everything
it's pretty good pretty good
well for that small you know you talked
about you can have three remotes or four
reports and you can use the same remote
on every controller if you like to even
though it's just pretty good and these
are the DIY ethics these are simple
functions you can store into it you can
store whatever action you wanted to do
with these buttons as well if you want
other one it's got nothing a store in it
so that's why it's just he goes gotta
jump more a selector jump on to three
and you see this so it slowly intense
intensity of it you can use it for quite
many application the sort of this sort
of an shut up you know and I found it
pretty pretty pretty good as you can see
you can just put a stand a light on it
there we go standard white light red
light green and whatever different color
well for the girls is think here
that would be a bit like green color in
us so you can control all these RGB is
anyways from here red green and blue
colors so obey it I will be stopping my
review here it's a video is getting a
bit longer I think I'm dragging it down
a bit if you like my video please please
PLEASE you like my video just comment on
it simple as that and if you want to
know more about this and more about it
please let me know please let me know in
the comments and please do subscribe I
hope we keep on reviewing every you a
couple of other bits and pieces which I
bought at home you know check out our
home I'm sure quite many people are
interested in things you know when
departing before departing they can come
on YouTube and check it you know how
other people have got experience with
them so it will be make them easier to
decide our turbine are they going into
the good stuff or I was just buying
another another other sort of crap or
say alright guys thank you very much
again for watching my video and hope to
see you again soon okay